Published on 3 Aug 2023

## **Terms & Conditions for the supply of Services**

### **1. Interpretation**

1.1 Definitions.

In these Terms & Conditions, the following definitions apply:

**Business Day:** a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in England when banks in London are open for business.

**Cancellation Notice:** has the meaning set out in clause 17.2.

**Commencement Date:** has the meaning set out in clause 2.5.

**Contract:** a contract between Startle and the Customer for the supply of Services and/or Equipment consisting of these Terms & Conditions and the applicable Order Form.

**CPI**: the Consumer Price Index published by the Office for National Statistics.

**Customer:** the person or firm named in each Order Form.

**Data Subject**: an individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

**Delivery**: the transfer of physical possession of the Equipment to the Customer's representatives at the Customer’s premises.

**End Users:** means any customers of the Customer who use(s) or gets the benefit of the use of the Services at the Customer’s premises.

**Equipment:** the audio-visual playback equipment and any other equipment, including tools, systems, cabling or facilities provided by Startle and used directly or indirectly in the supply of the Services (including all substitutions, replacements or renewals of such equipment and all related accompanying accessories, manuals and instructions). Where any Equipment is to be supplied by Startle, to the Customer this will be specified in the applicable Order Form.

**Fixed Term:** the initial duration of a Contract as set out in each Order Form.

**Force Majeure Event:** has the meaning given to it in clause 18.1.

**Intellectual Property Rights:** patents, rights to inventions, copyright and related rights, trade marks, business names and domain names, rights in get-up, goodwill and the right to sue for passing off, rights in designs, database rights, rights to use, and protect the confidentiality of, confidential information (including know-how), and all other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all applications and rights to apply for and be granted, renewals or extensions of, and rights to claim priority from, such rights and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection which subsist or will subsist now or in the future in any part of the world.

**Live Event Services**: the event services held on a live basis provided by Startle if set out in, and in accordance with, each Order Form.

**Order Form:** a purchase order form generated by Startle following receipt of a Request.

**Order:** an order placed by the Customer for the supply of Services and/or Equipment, as set out in an Order Form.

**Personal Data:** has the meaning given to it in the Data Protection Act 2018.

**Renewal Term:** has the meaning set out in clause 17.3.

**Rental Period:** the period of hire as set out in clause 5.7.

**Request:** has the meaning set out in clause 2.2.

**Rental Equipment:** has the meaning set out in clause 5.1.

**Revenue Share:** all revenue actually received by Startle from any third party payment portals or payment providers as a result of any benefit by an End User deriving from the Services being provided to the Customer.

**Risk Period:** has the meaning set out in clause 7.3.

**Sale Equipment:** has the meaning set out in clause 4.1.

**Services:** the services supplied by Startle to the Customer as set out in an Order Form.

**Startle:** Startle Music Ltd registered in England and Wales with company number 07960939 whose registered office is at The Enterprise Centre, University Drive, Norwich, NR4 7TJ, UK.

**Terms & Conditions:** these terms and conditions as amended from time to time in accordance with clause 19.7.

1.2 A **person** includes a natural person, corporate or unincorporated body (whether or not having separate legal personality).

1.3 A reference to a party includes its personal representatives, successors or permitted assigns.

1.4 A reference to a statute or statutory provision is a reference to such statute or statutory provision as amended or re-enacted. A reference to a statute or statutory provision includes any subordinate legislation made under that statute or statutory provision, as amended or re-enacted.

1.5 Any phrase introduced by the terms **including**, **include**, **in particular** or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms.

1.6 A reference to **writing** or **written** includes emails.

### **2. Basis of Contract**

2.1 These Terms & Conditions govern every Order made by the Customer.

2.2 Whenever the Customer wishes to engage Startle for the provision of Services it shall request such services from Startle (**Request**).

2.3 Upon receiving a Request, Startle may at its own discretion provide the Customer with an Order Form.

2.4 Each Order Form constitutes an offer by Startle to provide the Services and/or the Equipment in accordance with these Terms & Conditions and is only valid for 90 days from the date of issue, unless otherwise stated in the Order Form.

2.5 An Order shall only be deemed to be accepted by Startle when the Customer:

(a) signs, using Startle’s electronic signature system, an electronic copy of the applicable Order Form; or

(b) signs an original copy of the applicable Order Form and returns a copy by post or by email to Startle,

at which point and on which date a Contract shall come into existence (**Commencement Date**).

2.6 Each Contract:

(a) is entered into between the Customer and Startle; and

(b) forms a separate contract between its signatories.

2.7 Each Contract constitutes the entire agreement between the parties in relation to the Services and/or the Equipment listed in the applicable Order Form. Each time a Contract comes into effect under clause 2.5 of these Terms & Conditions, the Customer acknowledges that it has not relied on any statement, promise, representation, assurance or warranty made or given by or on behalf of Startle which is not set out in that Contract.

2.8 Any samples, drawings, descriptive matter or advertising issued by Startle and any descriptions of the Equipment or illustrations or descriptions of the Services contained in Startle's catalogues or brochures or on Startle’s website or other electronic advertising are issued or published for the sole purpose of giving an approximate idea of the Services and/or the Equipment described in them. They shall not form part of any Contract or have any contractual force.

2.9 These Terms & Conditions apply to every Contract to the exclusion of any other terms that the Customer seeks to impose or incorporate, or which are implied by trade, custom, practice or course of dealing.

2.10 Purchase orders are for the Customer's internal accounting and procurement purposes only and are of no legal effect between Customer and Startle. The rights and obligations of the Customer and Startle are established solely by the Contract; all other terms are rejected.

### **3. Supply of Services**

3.1 Startle shall provide the Services to the Customer in accordance with the applicable Order Form and these Terms & Conditions in all material respects.

3.2 Startle shall use all reasonable endeavours to meet any performance dates for the Services specified in the Order Form, but any such dates shall be estimates only and time shall not be of the essence for the performance of the Services.

3.3 Startle shall have the right to make any changes to the Services which are necessary to comply with any applicable law or safety requirement. Startle shall notify the Customer if Startle is of the reasonable view that such changes negatively affect the quality or nature of the Services.

3.4 Subject to clause 3.5 below, Startle warrants to the Customer that the Services will be provided using reasonable care and skill.

3.5 The Customer acknowledges that:

(a) Startle cannot guarantee that the Services will at all times be free from faults, viruses, technical defects or interruptions of use; and

(b) there are events outside of the reasonable control of Startle, including but not limited to physical obstructions and atmospheric conditions affecting network services, which may affect the continuity of the Services and/or the functionality of the Equipment.

### **4. Sale of Equipment**

4.1 This clause 4 shall only apply to any part of the Equipment which is specified in an Order Form as being sold to the Customer (**Sale Equipment**).

4.2 Startle shall agree to sell and the Customer shall agree to buy the Sale Equipment in accordance with these Terms & Conditions.

4.3 Startle shall deliver the Sale Equipment to the Customer by the delivery date specified in the Order Form, or if none is specified, within 45 Business Days of the Commencement Date.

4.4 Startle shall ensure that the Sale Equipment shall be of satisfactory quality and fit for the purpose of providing the Services.

4.5 Startle shall ensure that the Sale Equipment is properly packed and secured in such manner as to enable them to reach their destination in good condition.

4.6 If the Sale Equipment is not delivered by the relevant delivery date calculated in accordance with clause 4.3 or does not comply with the obligations set out in clause 4.4, then, without limiting any of its other rights or remedies, the Customer may exercise any one or more of the following remedies:

(a) to reject the Sale Equipment (in whole or in part) and return them to Startle at Startle’s expense;

(b) to require Startle to repair or replace the rejected Sale Equipment, or, on return of the Sale Equipment under clause 4.6(a), to provide a full refund of the price of the rejected Sale Equipment (if paid); and/or

(c) to refuse to accept any subsequent delivery of the Sale Equipment which Startle attempts to make.

4.7 These Terms & Conditions shall apply to any repaired or replacement Sale Equipment supplied by Startle.

4.8 Risk in the Sale Equipment shall pass to the Customer on Delivery. Where Sale Equipment is rejected by the Customer under clause 4.6(a), risk in it shall revert to Startle upon Startle confirming safe receipt of the Sale Equipment.

### **5. Rental of Equipment**

5.1 This clause 5 shall apply to any part of the Equipment which is not specified in an Order Form as being 'sold' to the Customer (**Rental Equipment**).

5.2 Startle shall provide, on a rental basis only, certain Rental Equipment, as set out in the applicable Order Form, to be used in association with the Services.

5.3 Startle shall not, other than in the exercise of its rights under the applicable Contract or applicable law, interfere with the Customer's quiet possession of the Rental Equipment.

5.4 Startle warrants that the Rental Equipment shall be of satisfactory quality and fit for the purpose of providing the Services. Startle shall use reasonable endeavours to remotely remedy, free of charge, any material defect in the Rental Equipment which manifests itself during the Fixed Term and any subsequent Renewal Term of a Contract, provided that:

(a) the Customer notifies Startle of any defect in writing within ten (10) Business Days of the defect occurring or of the Customer becoming aware of the defect;

(b) Startle is permitted to make a full remote examination of the alleged defect (and the Customer cooperates with Startle in full to enable Startle to undertake such full remote examination);

(c) the defect did not materialise as a result of misuse, neglect, alteration, mishandling or unauthorised manipulation by any person other than Startle's authorised personnel;

(d) the defect did not arise out of any instruction, information, design or any other assistance supplied or furnished by the Customer or on its behalf; and

(e) the defect is directly attributable to defective material, workmanship or design.

5.5 If Startle fails to remedy any material defect in the Rental Equipment in accordance with clause 5.4, the Customer shall, at Startle’s request, return all or part of the Rental Equipment to Startle within 30 days.

5.6 If the Customer fails to return all or part of the Rental Equipment in accordance with clause 5.5, then Startle may at its discretion levy a charge equivalent to the cost price for the Rental Equipment (as reasonably determined by Startle) calculated as at the date of the request described in clause 5.5.

5.7 The Rental Period shall start on the Commencement Date of the applicable Contract and shall continue for the duration of the Fixed Term and any Subsequent Renewal Term(s) .

### **6. Delivery and Installation**

6.1 This clause 6 shall apply to any Delivery of Sale Equipment or Rental Equipment set out in an Order Form. In this clause 6, the term 'Equipment' collectively refers to both Sale Equipment and Rental Equipment.

6.2 Delivery of the Equipment shall be made by Startle. Startle shall use reasonable endeavours to effect Delivery by the date and time agreed between the parties.

6.3 Unless otherwise stated in the Order Form, the Customer shall be solely responsible for the installation of the Equipment.

6.4 If stated in the applicable Order Form, Startle shall install the Equipment at the Customer’s premises. The Customer shall procure that a duly authorised representative of the Customer shall be present at the installation of the Equipment. Acceptance by such representative of installation shall constitute conclusive evidence that the Customer has examined the Equipment and has found it to be in good condition, complete and fit in every way for the purpose for which it is intended (save as regards any latent defects not reasonably apparent on inspection). If required by Startle, the Customer's duly authorised representative shall sign a receipt confirming such acceptance.

6.5 To facilitate Delivery and installation, the Customer shall at its sole expense provide all requisite materials, facilities, access and suitable working conditions to enable Delivery and installation to be carried out safely and expeditiously including any materials, facilities, access and working conditions specified in the Order Form.

### **7. Title, Risk and Insurance**

7.1 Risk in the Sale Equipment shall pass to the Customer on completion of Delivery.

7.2 Title in the Sale Equipment shall pass to the Customer upon receipt by Startle of all charges payable by the Customer in accordance with applicable Order Form and clause 10 of these Terms & Conditions.

7.3 Risk in the Rental Equipment shall pass to the Customer on Delivery. The Rental Equipment shall remain at the sole risk of the Customer during the Rental Period and any further term during which the Rental Equipment is in the possession, custody or control of the Customer (**Risk Period**) until such time as the Rental Equipment is safely returned to Startle. During the Rental Period and the Risk Period, the Customer shall, at its own expense, obtain and maintain the following insurances

(a) insurance of the Rental Equipment to a value not less than its full replacement value comprehensively against all usual risks of loss, damage or destruction by fire or flood, theft or accident, and such other risks as Startle may from time to time nominate in writing;

(b) insurance for such amounts as a prudent owner or operator of the Rental Equipment would insure for to cover any third party or public liability risks of whatever nature and however arising in connection with the Rental Equipment; and

(c) insurance against such other or further risks relating to the Rental Equipment as may be required by law.

7.4 The Rental Equipment shall at all times remain the property of Startle, and the Customer shall have no right, title or interest in or to the Rental Equipment (save the right to possession and use of the Rental Equipment under clause 5).

7.5 The Customer shall give immediate written notice to Startle in the event that any loss, accident or damage occurs in relation to the Rental Equipment during either the Rental Period or Risk Period.

### **8. Live Event Services**

8.1 This clause 8 shall apply if an Order Form states that Startle shall provide Live Event Services.

8.2 Startle shall set out in the Order Form the following terms relating to the provision by Startle of the Live Event Services to the Customer:

(a) charges relating to the provision of the Live Event Services;

(b) details of the dates and times on which Startle shall provide the Live Event Services; and

(c) any other applicable terms relating to Startle’s provision of the Live Event Services.

8.3 Startle shall organise and deliver the Live Event Services with reasonable care and skill.

### **9. Customer's Obligations**

9.1 The Customer shall:

(a) co-operate with Startle in all matters relating to the Services and the Equipment;

(b) provide Startle, its employees, agents, consultants and subcontractors, with access to the Customer's premises, office accommodation and other facilities as reasonably required by Startle to provide the Services and (where stated in an Order Form) install the Equipment;

(c) provide Startle with such information and materials as Startle may reasonably require to supply the Services and install the Equipment, and ensure that such information is accurate in all material respects;

(d) prepare the Customer's premises for the supply of the Services and the supply and installation of the Equipment;

(e) have available at the Customer’s premises suitable amplifiers, speakers and other systems to enable the playback of music and to enable the Customer to enjoy any other part the Services and the Equipment;

(f) have available a suitable, stabile and reliable internet network connection speed to enable the Customer and the End Users to enjoy use of the Services and the Equipment;

(g) obtain all licences permissions and consents required for the public performance of music in the Customer’s premises, unless the applicable Order Form states that this is included in the charges;

(h) keep and maintain all Equipment at the Customer's premises in safe custody at its own risk, maintain the Equipment in good condition until returned to Startle, and not dispose of or use Equipment other than in accordance with Startle's written instructions or authorisation;

(i) ensure that the Equipment is kept and operated in a suitable environment, used only for the purposes for which it is designed, and operated in a proper manner by trained competent staff in accordance with any operating instructions provided by Startle;

(j) take such steps (including compliance with all safety and usage instructions provided by Startle) as may be necessary to ensure, so far as is reasonably practicable, that the Equipment is at all times safe and without risk to health when it is being set, used, cleaned or maintained by a person at work;

(k) keep Startle fully informed of all material matters relating to the Equipment;

(l) keep the Equipment at all times at the Customer’s premises and shall not move or attempt to move any part of the Equipment to any other location without Startle's prior written consent and shall not use the Equipment for any purposes other than for the purposes of benefiting from the Services; and

(m) deliver up the Rental Equipment at the end of the Rental Period or on earlier termination of this agreement at such address as Startle requires, or if necessary allow Startle or its representatives access to the Customer’s premises or any premises where the Rental Equipment is located for the purpose of removing it.

9.2 The Customer shall not:

(a) make any alteration to the Equipment and shall not remove any existing component(s) from the Equipment without the prior written consent of Startle unless carried out to comply with any mandatory modifications required by law or any regulatory authority or unless the component(s) is/are replaced immediately (or if removed in the ordinary course of repair and maintenance as soon as practicable) by the same component or by one of a similar make and model or an improved/advanced version of it. Title and property in all substitutions, replacements, renewals made in or to any Rental Equipment shall vest in Startle immediately upon installation;

(b) without the prior written consent of Startle, part with control of (including for the purposes of repair or maintenance), sell or offer for sale, underlet or lend any Rental Equipment or allow the creation of any mortgage, charge, lien or other security interest in respect of it;

(c) suffer or permit any Rental Equipment to be confiscated, seized or taken out of its possession or control under any distress, execution or other legal process, but if any Rental Equipment is so confiscated, seized or taken, the Customer shall notify Startle and the Customer shall at its sole expense use its best endeavours to procure an immediate release of the Rental Equipment and shall indemnify Startle on demand against all losses, costs, charges, damages and expenses incurred as a result of such confiscation;

(d) use the Equipment for any unlawful purpose (including but not limited to any purpose that is likely to infringe any third-party Intellectual Property Rights);

(e) allow the Equipment to be repaired or maintained other than by Startle’s authorised representatives and sub-contractors; and

(f) do or permit to be done anything which could invalidate the insurances referred to in clause 7.

9.3 The Customer acknowledges that Startle shall not be responsible for any loss of or damage to the Rental Equipment arising out of or in connection with any negligence, misuse, mishandling of the Rental Equipment or otherwise caused by the Customer or its officers, employees, agents and contractors, and the Customer undertakes to indemnify Startle on demand against the same, and against all losses, liabilities, claims, damages, costs or expenses of whatever nature otherwise arising out of or in connection with any failure by the Customer to comply with these Terms & Conditions.

9.4 If Startle's performance of any of its obligations is prevented or delayed by any act or omission by the Customer or failure by the Customer to perform any obligation (**Customer Default**):

(a) Startle shall without limiting its other rights or remedies have the right to suspend performance of the Services until the Customer remedies the Customer Default, and to rely on the Customer Default to relieve it from the performance of any of its obligations under these Terms and Conditions;

(b) Startle shall not be liable for any costs or losses sustained or incurred by the Customer arising directly or indirectly from Startle's failure or delay to perform any of its obligations as set out in this clause 9.4; and

(c) the Customer shall reimburse Startle on written demand for any costs or losses sustained or incurred by Startle arising directly or indirectly from a Customer Default.

### **10. Charges and Payment**

10.1 The charges for Services shall be particularised in each Order Form.

10.2 The Order Form shall specify whether the charges are one-off, recurring or both.

10.3 During each year of the Fixed Term and any Renewal Term of a Contract, Startle reserves the right to increase the recurring charges by the yearly percentage increase of the CPI.

10.4 Unless stated otherwise in the applicable Order Form, Startle shall issue invoices to the Customer in advance on a monthly basis.

10.5 Unless stated otherwise in the applicable Order Form, the Customer shall pay each invoice submitted by Startle:

(a) within 15 days of the date of the invoice; and

(b) in full and in cleared funds (including currency conversion and banking charges applicable to the payment method used) to a bank account nominated in writing by Startle or by any other electronic means of payment made available by Startle. Startle reserves the right to apply an administrative charge of £10 for any payment received via cheque to cover the additional processing required.

10.6 Notwithstanding clause 10.8, time for payment of all charges by the Customer to Startle shall be of the essence.

10.7 All amounts payable by the Customer under a Contract are exclusive of amounts in respect of VAT chargeable from time to time. Where any taxable supply is made under a Contract by Startle to the Customer, the Customer shall, on receipt of a valid invoice from Startle, pay to Startle such additional amounts in respect of VAT as are chargeable on the supply of the Services at the same time as payment is due for the supply of the Services.

10.8 If the Customer fails to make any payment due to Startle under a Contract by the due date for payment, then, without prejudice to Startle’s rights and remedies pursuant to clause 10.6:

(b) the Customer shall pay interest on the overdue amount at the rate of 4% per annum above the Bank of England's base rate from time to time. Such interest shall accrue on a daily basis from the due date until actual payment of the overdue amount, whether before or after judgment; and

(c) the Customer shall compensate Startle for the reasonable legal costs that Startle incurs in pursuing the Customer's non-payment.

10.9 The Customer shall pay all amounts due under the Contract in full without any set-off, counterclaim, deduction or withholding except as required by law. Startle may, without limiting its other rights or remedies, set off any amount owing to it by the Customer against any amount payable by Startle to the Customer.

### **11. Customer's Revenue Share**

11.1 This clause 11 shall apply if an Order Form specifies that the Services shall include the ability to charge an End User for interacting with the Services (or any similar service thereto).

11.2 Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Order Form, Startle shall:

(a) collect the Revenue Share from the End User on behalf of the Customer; and

(b) pay through to the Customer 100% of the Revenue Share which payments shall be made to Customer automatically at the end of each month whenever the Revenue Share exceeds £10 GBP (or an equivalent amount in the Customer’s local currency).

### **12. Intellectual Property Rights**

12.1 All Intellectual Property Rights in or arising out of or in connection with the Services and/or the Equipment shall be owned by Startle.

12.2 The Customer acknowledges that, in respect of any third party Intellectual Property Rights in the Services and/or the Equipment, the Customer's use of any such Intellectual Property Rights is conditional on Startle obtaining a written licence from the relevant licensor on such terms as will entitle Startle to license such rights to the Customer.

12.3 The Customer is provided a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free licence for the Fixed Term and any subsequent Renewal Term of each Order to use any Intellectual Property Rights in any part of the Services solely for the purposes of using the Services, the Equipment and the Live Event Services (as applicable).

12.4 Startle shall not use or display the name, brand, concept names or marks of the Customer or any member of the Customer’s group of companies without the prior written consent of the Customer (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), provided that Startle shall at all times be permitted to use and reproduce the Customer’s name and/or logo for its own promotional and marketing purposes.

### **13. Confidentiality**

Subject to clause 12.4, a party (**receiving party**) shall keep in strict confidence all technical or commercial know-how, specifications, inventions, processes or initiatives which are of a confidential nature and have been disclosed to the receiving party by the other party (**disclosing party**), its employees, agents or subcontractors, and any other confidential information concerning the disclosing party's business, its products and services which the receiving party may obtain. The receiving party shall only disclose such confidential information to those of its employees, agents and subcontractors who need to know it for the purpose of discharging the receiving party's obligations under the Contract, and shall ensure that such employees, agents and subcontractors comply with the obligations set out in this clause as though they were a party to the Contract. The receiving party may also disclose such of the disclosing party's confidential information as is required to be disclosed by law, any governmental or regulatory authority or by a court of competent jurisdiction. This clause 13 shall survive termination of each Contract.

### **14. Data Protection**

14.1 Startle warrants, having regard to the state of technological development and the costs of implementing any measures, that to the extent it processes any Personal Data on behalf of the Customer;

(a) it shall act only on instructions from the Customer; and

(b) it has in place appropriate technical and organisational security measures against unauthorised or unlawful processing of Personal Data and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, Personal Data.

14.2 Each party warrants to the other that any Personal Data processed under a Contract will be processed in compliance with all applicable laws, enactments, regulations, orders, standards and other similar instruments.

14.3 The Customer acknowledges that Startle is reliant on the Customer for direction as to the extent to which Startle is entitled to use and process the Personal Data. Consequently, Startle will not be liable for any claim brought by a Data Subject arising from any action or omission by the Supplier, to the extent that such action or omission resulted directly from the Customer's instructions.

### **15. Limitation of Liability**

15.1 Nothing in these Terms & Conditions shall limit or exclude Startle's liability for:

(a) death or personal injury caused by its negligence, or the negligence of its employees, agents or subcontractors;

(b) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or

(c) any other liability which cannot be limited or excluded by applicable law.

15.2 Subject to clause 15.1:

(a) Startle shall under no circumstances whatever be liable to the Customer, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, arising under any Contract for any:

(i) loss of profit;

(ii) loss of sales or business (including any loss of sales by End Customers);

(iii) loss of agreements or contracts;

(iv) loss of anticipated savings;

(v) loss of use or corruption of software, data or information;

(vi) loss of damage to goodwill; and

(vii) indirect or consequential losses.

(b) Startle's total liability to the Customer in respect of all other losses arising under or in connection with each Contract, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, shall be limited, in respect of all claims (connected or unconnected) in any consecutive 12 month period, to the equivalent of the total charges paid by the Customer in that period under the applicable Contract.

### **16. Indemnity**

16.1 The Customer shall indemnify Startle against all liabilities, costs, expenses, damages and/or losses (including but not limited to any direct, indirect or consequential losses, loss of profit, loss of reputation and all interest, penalties and reasonable legal costs and all other reasonable professional costs and expenses) suffered or incurred by Startle arising out of or in connection with:

(a) any breach of the Customer’s obligations set out in clause 9; and

(b) any claim made or threatened against Startle for actual or alleged infringement of a third party's Intellectual Property Rights arising out of or in connection with the Customer’s use of any Intellectual Property Rights outside of the scope of clause 12.

### **17. Termination**

17.1 Subject to clause 17.4, each Contract shall commence on the applicable Commencement Date (as determined under clause 2.5) and continue for the Fixed Term specified in the applicable Order Form.

17.2 A Contract cannot be terminated for convenience during its Fixed Term. If a party wishes to terminate a Contract at the end of its Fixed Term it must do so by giving the other party at least 90 days’ prior written notice in accordance with clause 19.2.(c) to (d), to expire on the last day of the applicable Fixed Term (each a **Cancellation Notice**).

17.3 If no Cancellation Notice has been given in connection with a Contract under clause 17.2, then the Contract shall, subject to clause 17.4, automatically renew for such additional terms as are set out in the applicable Order Form (each a **Renewal Term**) until either party gives the other at least 90 days’ prior written notice of its intention to terminate the Contract, to expire on and take effect from the last day of the then current Renewal Term.

17.4 Without limiting its other rights or remedies, each party may terminate any Contract with immediate effect by giving written notice to the other party if:

(a) the other party commits a material breach of its obligations under the Contract and (if such breach is remediable) fails to remedy that breach within 15 Business Days after receipt of notice in writing to do so;

(b) the other party suspends, or threatens to suspend, payment of its debts or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due or admits inability to pay its debts or (being a company or limited liability partnership) is deemed unable to pay its debts within the meaning of section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986, as amended;

(c) the other party commences negotiations with all or any class of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its debts, or makes a proposal for or enters into any compromise or arrangement with its creditors;

(d) a petition is filed, a notice is given, a resolution is passed, or an order is made, for or in connection with the winding up of the other party (being a company) other than for the sole purpose of a scheme for a solvent amalgamation of the other party with one or more other companies or the solvent reconstruction of that other party;

(e) a creditor or encumbrancer of the other party attaches or takes possession of, or a distress, execution, sequestration or other such process is levied or enforced on or sued against, the whole or any part of its assets and such attachment or process is not discharged within 15 days;

(f) an application is made to court, or an order is made, for the appointment of an administrator or if a notice of intention to appoint an administrator is given or if an administrator is appointed over the other party (being a company); or

(g) any event occurs, or proceeding is taken, with respect to the other party in any jurisdiction to which it is subject that has an effect equivalent or similar to any of the events mentioned in clause 17.4(b) to clause 17.4(f) (inclusive);

17.5 Without limiting its other rights or remedies, Startle may terminate any Contract with immediate effect by giving written notice to the Customer if the Customer's financial position deteriorates to such an extent that in Startle's opinion the Customer's capability to adequately fulfil its obligations under the Contract has been placed in jeopardy.

17.6 Without limiting its other rights or remedies, Startle may terminate any or all Contracts with immediate effect by giving written notice to the Customer if the Customer fails to pay any amount due under any Contract on the due date for payment.

17.7 On termination of a Contract for any reason:

(a) the Customer shall immediately pay to Startle all of Startle's outstanding unpaid invoices and any applicable interest and, in respect of Services supplied but for which no invoice has yet been submitted, Startle shall submit an invoice, which shall be payable by the Customer immediately on receipt;

(b) the Customer shall return all of the Rental Equipment to Startle at the Customer’s expense. Until they have been returned, the Customer shall be solely responsible the safe keeping of all Rental Equipment and will not use them for any purpose not connected with the Contract under which they were provided. If the Customer fails to return the Rental Equipment to Startle within 30 days of termination of the applicable Contract, then Startle may levy a charge equivalent to the cost price for the Equipment (as reasonably determined by Startle) calculated as at the date of termination;

(c) the accrued rights and remedies of the parties as at termination shall not be affected, including the right to claim damages in respect of any breach of the Contract which existed at or before the date of termination or expiry; and

(d) clauses which expressly or by implication have effect after termination shall continue in full force and effect.

### **18. Force Majeure**

18.1 In these Terms & Conditions, **Force Majeure Event** means an event beyond the reasonable control of Startle including but not limited to strikes, lock-outs or other industrial disputes (whether involving the workforce of Startle or any other party), failure of a utility service or transport network, act of God, pandemic, war, riot, civil commotion, malicious damage, compliance with any law or governmental order, rule, regulation or direction, accident, breakdown of plant or machinery, breakdown of network service providers’ servers, fire, flood, storm or default of suppliers or subcontractors.

18.2 Startle shall not be liable to the Customer as a result of any delay or failure to perform its obligations under a Contract, which arises as a result of a Force Majeure Event. The Customer's obligations under each Contract shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding the occurrence of any Force Majeure Event.

18.3 If a Force Majeure Event prevents Startle from providing Services under any Contract for more than 3 months, either party may, without limiting its other rights or remedies, terminate the affected Contract immediately by giving written notice to the other party. For the avoidance of doubt, no right to terminate shall arise under this clause 18.3 in the event that a Force Majeure Event prevents the Customer from performing its obligations under any Contract or in the event that Startle is able to provide the Services but the Customer is unable to avail itself of them as a result of a Force Majeure Event.

### **19. General**

19.1 **Assignment and other dealings.**

(a) Startle may at any time assign, transfer, mortgage, charge, subcontract or deal in any other manner with all or any of its rights under the Contract and may subcontract or delegate in any manner any or all of its obligations under the Contract to any third party.

(b) The Customer shall not, without the prior written consent of Startle, assign, transfer, charge, subcontract, declare a trust over or deal in any other manner with any of its rights or obligations under the Contract.

19.2 **Notices.**

(a) Except in the case of Cancellation Notices (which are governed by clause 19.2.(c) to (d)), any notice or other communication given to a party under or in connection with a Contract shall be in writing, addressed to that party at its registered office (if it is a company) or its principal place of business (in any other case) or such other address as that party may have specified to the other party in writing in accordance with this clause, and shall be delivered personally or sent by prepaid first-class post or other next working day delivery service, or by commercial courier or by email.

(b) A notice or other communication shall be deemed to have been received: if delivered personally, when left at the address referred to in clause 19.1(a) if sent by pre-paid first class post or other next working day delivery service, at 9.00 am on the second Business Day after posting; if delivered by commercial courier, on the date and at the time that the courier's delivery receipt is signed; or, if sent by email, one Business Day after transmission (provided that the sender does not receive an email bounce back notification or any other notification that delivery of the email has failed).

(c) Any Cancellation Notice given by a party shall be in writing, addressed to that party at its registered office (if it is a company) or its principal place of business (in any other case) or such other address as that party may have specified to the other party in writing in accordance with this clause, and shall be delivered by email:

(i) in the case of a Cancellation Notice sent by the Customer, to cancellations@startlemusic.com or such other email address specified by Startle from time to time; and

(ii) in the case of a Cancellation Notice sent by Startle, to the email address specified by the Customer at the time of entering into the Contract, or such other email address specified by the Customer from time to time.

(d) A Cancellation Notice shall be deemed to have been received:

(i) if sent by the Customer, when the Customer receives from Startle a confirmation by email that the Cancellation Notice has been received; and

(ii) if sent by Startle, one Business Day after transmission (provided that Startle does not receive an email bounce back notification or any other notification that delivery of the email has failed).

(e) The provisions of this clause shall not apply to the service of any proceedings or other documents in any legal action.

19.3 **Severance.** If any provision or part-provision of a Contract is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it shall be deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid, legal and enforceable. If such modification is not possible, the relevant provision or part-provision shall be deemed deleted. Any modification to or deletion of a provision or part-provision under this clause shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the rest of the Contract.

19.4 **Waiver.** A waiver of any right under a Contract or law is only effective if it is in writing and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach or default. No failure or delay by a party in exercising any right or remedy under a Contract or by law shall constitute a waiver of that or any other right or remedy, nor prevent or restrict its further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. No single or partial exercise of such right or remedy shall prevent or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy.

19.5 **No partnership or agency.** Nothing in any Contract is intended to, or shall be deemed to establish any partnership or joint venture between any of the parties, nor constitute either party the agent of another party for any purpose. Neither party shall have authority to act as agent for, or to bind, the other party in any way.

19.6 **Third parties.** A person who is not a party to a Contract shall not have any rights to enforce its terms.

19.7 **Variation.**

(a) No variation of a Contract, including the introduction of any additional terms and conditions shall be effective unless it is agreed in writing and signed by Startle.

(b) Subject to clause 19.7(c) below, Startle may unilaterally vary these Terms & Conditions.

(c) A variation to these Terms & Conditions shall only apply to:

(i) new Contracts entered into between the parties after the date on which the variation takes effect; and/or

(ii) Contracts that enter a new Renewal Term after the date on which the variation takes effect.

19.8 **Governing law and jurisdiction.** All Contracts and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with any Contract or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England. Each party irrevocably agrees that the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with any Contract or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims).
